Add SECURITY.md (#29)
powsybl/.github: SECURITY.md

# Security policy

## Supported versions

> The available compatible releases are listed in [powsybl-dependencies](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-dependencies). In case of vulnerability fix, the main branches are first fixed. The fix will be available for next release train. In case of vulnerability of severity high/critical, the previous and more recent version is patched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The available compatible releases are listed in [powsybl-dependencies](https://github.com/powsybl/powsybl-dependencies). In case of vulnerability fix, the main branches are first fixed. The fix will be available for the next release train. In case of vulnerability of high or critical severity, the previous and more recent version is patched.
```

## Reporting a vulnerability

> Please report security vulnerability, suspected or confirmed, to the Technical Steering Committee [powsybl-tsc@lists.lfenergy.org](mailto:powsybl-tsc@lists.lfenergy.org). You can also report totally privately to the Chair of TSC [Anne Tilloy](anne.tilloy@rte-france.com). If the issue if confirmed, we could inform the library users and release a patch as soon as possible depending on the complexity. Important: do not use public issues for security vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please report any security vulnerability, suspected or confirmed, to the Technical Steering Committee [powsybl-tsc@lists.lfenergy.org](mailto:powsybl-tsc@lists.lfenergy.org). You can also report totally privately to the Chair of TSC [Anne Tilloy](anne.tilloy@rte-france.com). If the issue is confirmed, we will inform the library users and release a patch as soon as possible depending on the complexity. Important: do not use public issues for security vulnerabilities.
```

In your e-mail, please give basic information about who you are (name and company), detailed steps to reproduce the vulnerabilities (some python or Java code, screenshots) and the effects.

> Github reports automatically vulnerabilities, in opening pull requests. The fixes are usually available for the next version, but could lead to a patch depending on the severity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github automatically reports vulnerabilities in opening pull requests. The fixes are usually available for the next version, but could lead to a patch depending on the severity.
```

## When to report a vulnerability

- When you think that Powsybl has a potential security vulnerability.

> - When you suspect a potential vulnerability but you are not sure that it impacts Powsybl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When you suspect a potential vulnerability but you are not sure if or how it would impact Powsybl.
```

- When you know or suspect a vulnerability on another project that is used by Powsybl.

## Security on new code

### Sonarcloud analysis

> For new pull requests, we rely on Sonarcloud analysis that has [security-related rules](https://docs.sonarcloud.io/digging-deeper/security-related-rules/). The pull request cannot be merged with any vulnerability or hotspot rules is violated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For new pull requests, we rely on Sonarcloud analysis that has [security-related rules](https://docs.sonarcloud.io/digging-deeper/security-related-rules/). The pull request cannot be merged if any vulnerability or hotspot rule is violated.
```

###  Powsybl governance

> All the developers allowed to merge new code are committers. They are experienced developers, known from the community. They have this right because they are competent enough to. All pull requests must have at least one approval for merge on main branch. Some pull requests need two approvals when the impacts are large. Thus, all the commits integrated on main branches are reviewed and approved by at least one committer. The members of the TSC are all committers, which list is available [here](https://www.powsybl.org/pages/overview/governance). The other committers are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the developers allowed to merge new code are committers. They are experienced developers, known from the community. They have this right because they are competent enough to. All pull requests must have at least one approval for merge on main branch. Some pull requests need two approvals when the impacts are large. Thus, all the commits integrated on main branches are reviewed and approved by at least one committer. The members of the TSC are all committers, its list is available [here](https://www.powsybl.org/pages/overview/governance). The other committers are:
```
